Update release process and use new changelog generator (#1867)
elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps: changelog/0.33.md

# v0.33.0

Released 2023-09-28

> Known issue:
> 
> Added network policies for rook-ceph-crashcollector, fixed in v0.33.1
> The update-ips script will not add the swift IPs in network polices if .objectStorage.sync.syncDefaultBuckets: true, fixed in v0.33.1
> Ingress-nginx controller to 1.8.4 and chart to 4.7.3 (HTTP/2 fix for CVE-2023-44487), fixed in v0.33.1
> a limit of no more than 2 * max_concurrent_streams new streams per one event loop iteration was introduced
> refused streams are now limited to maximum of max_concurrent_streams and 100

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Known issues:

- Missing network policies for rook-ceph-crashcollector, fixed in v0.33.1
- The update-ips script will not add the swift IPs in network polices if .objectStorage.sync.syncDefaultBuckets: true, fixed in v0.33.1
- Ingress-nginx controller to 1.8.4 and chart to 4.7.3 (HTTP/2 fix for CVE-2023-44487), fixed in v0.33.1
  a limit of no more than 2 * max_concurrent_streams new streams per one event loop iteration was introduced
  refused streams are now limited to maximum of max_concurrent_streams and 100
```

Or add a blank line between each entry.

Maybe this should also marked with warning or important.

Were these rendered or did you write them manually?

Author: Straight out of https://github.com/elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps/releases/tag/v0.33.0

Reviewer: Well then it's just missing some formatting :sweat_smile:

- [#1728](https://github.com/elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps/pull/1728) - apps sc: rclone sync changes @crssnd
- [#1731](https://github.com/elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps/pull/1731) - docs: fix markdown syntax for notes @Elias-elastisys
- [#1732](https://github.com/elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps/pull/1732) - Crssnd/grafana expose additional configs @crssnd
- [#1735](https://github.com/elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps/pull/1735) - apps sc & wc: Fixed the csi-upcloud networkpolicy template @raviranjanelastisys
- [#1742](https://github.com/elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps/pull/1742) - apps:Replace elastisys/curl-jq:latest @lucianvlad
- [#1744](https://github.com/elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps/pull/1744) - apps: Only mutate pods on create @aarnq
- [#1747](https://github.com/elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps/pull/1747) - apps sc: add security context for the curl-jq images @crssnd

## v0.33.1

Released 2023-10-20

> [!WARNING]
> **Security Notice(s)**
> - New curl release (CVE-2023-38545 and CVE-2023-38546)
>   New Go release (https://github.com/advisories/GHSA-qppj-fm5r-hxr3 and https://github.com/advisories/GHSA-4374-p667-p6c8)

> >   Fix for HTTP/2 Rapid Reset Attack [CVE-2023-44487](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2023-44487)

Reviewer: We need to better look at the PRs to see that it is formatted for regular markdown files :sweat_smile:

Author: Yea that's probably going to be difficult to keep track of. Maybe if we automatically generated the changelog and put up a preview in the PR comments for each push but other than that people won't consider it I think.

Author: At least it's not a big deal to fix manually: https://github.com/elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps/pull/1867/commits/5df37de5bac035ec858bc31e7241305588f038f2
